Adding more release steps (#679)
Netflix/dispatch: docs/contributing/README.md

Creating a release of Dispatch requires the following steps.

### Updating sample data

If the database schema changes we will need to update the sample data accordingly.

> - Run the command `update-example-data.sh` in the `data` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the Bash script `update-example-data.sh` in the `data` directory.
```

- Create a commit with any changes
- Create a pull request with the change
- Merge change

### Bumping the version number

- Update the version number in `dispatch/__about__.py`
- Create a new entry in the change log
- Create a commit with the change log changes
- Create a pull request with the change
- Merge change

### Change log

- Create a new change log with all major changes since the last release
- Update github releases: https://github.com/Netflix/dispatch/releases
- Publish the release

### Update 'latest' tag

> We rely on the latest tag to indentify the most current stable version to update this tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We rely on the latest tag to identify the most current stable version. Follow the steps below to update this tag:
```
